Some textual changes to Music Assistant docs (#39814)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/music_assistant.markdown

### Favorite current song button

> The Music Assistant integration creates a button entity for each player to favorite the current song. Pressing this button (manually or by automation) adds the current song to your Music Assistant favorites. This works for local playing songs and tracks from streaming providers. It also works with remote content such as Spotify Connect, AirPlay, or a radio station, as long as the external source provides an artist and title combination (and optionally the album). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Music Assistant integration creates a button entity for each player to favorite the current song. Pressing this button (manually or by automation) adds the current song to your Music Assistant favorites. This works for songs stored locally as well as for tracks from streaming providers. It also works with remote content such as Spotify Connect, AirPlay, or a radio station, as long as the external source provides an artist and title combination (and optionally the album). 
```
